C:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\ITU_mappe\4.th_semester\Functional Programming\Code\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\ScrabbleTemplate.exe
C:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\ITU_mappe\4.th_semester\Functional Programming\Code\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\ScrabbleTemplate.deps.json
C:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\ITU_mappe\4.th_semester\Functional Programming\Code\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\ScrabbleTemplate.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\ITU_mappe\4.th_semester\Functional Programming\Code\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\ScrabbleTemplate.dll
C:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\ITU_mappe\4.th_semester\Functional Programming\Code\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\ScrabbleTemplate.pdb
C:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\ITU_mappe\4.th_semester\Functional Programming\Code\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\FParsec.dll
C:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\ITU_mappe\4.th_semester\Functional Programming\Code\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\FParsecCS.dll
C:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\ITU_mappe\4.th_semester\Functional Programming\Code\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\FSharp.Core.dll
C:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\ITU_mappe\4.th_semester\Functional Programming\Code\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\FSharp.Quotations.Evaluator.dll
C:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\ITU_mappe\4.th_semester\Functional Programming\Code\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\FsPickler.dll
C:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\ITU_mappe\4.th_semester\Functional Programming\Code\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\cs\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\ITU_mappe\4.th_semester\Functional Programming\Code\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\de\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\ITU_mappe\4.th_semester\Functional Programming\Code\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\es\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\ITU_mappe\4.th_semester\Functional Programming\Code\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\fr\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\ITU_mappe\4.th_semester\Functional Programming\Code\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\it\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\ITU_mappe\4.th_semester\Functional Programming\Code\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\ja\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\ITU_mappe\4.th_semester\Functional Programming\Code\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\ko\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\ITU_mappe\4.th_semester\Functional Programming\Code\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\pl\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\ITU_mappe\4.th_semester\Functional Programming\Code\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\pt-BR\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\ITU_mappe\4.th_semester\Functional Programming\Code\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\ru\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\ITU_mappe\4.th_semester\Functional Programming\Code\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\tr\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\ITU_mappe\4.th_semester\Functional Programming\Code\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\zh-Hans\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\ITU_mappe\4.th_semester\Functional Programming\Code\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\zh-Hant\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\ITU_mappe\4.th_semester\Functional Programming\Code\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\Oxyphenbutazone.dll
C:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\ITU_mappe\4.th_semester\Functional Programming\Code\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\ScrabbleBot.dll
C:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\ITU_mappe\4.th_semester\Functional Programming\Code\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\ScrabbleLib.dll
C:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\ITU_mappe\4.th_semester\Functional Programming\Code\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\ScrabbleServer.dll
C:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\ITU_mappe\4.th_semester\Functional Programming\Code\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\ScrabbleUtil.dll
C:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\ITU_mappe\4.th_semester\Functional Programming\Code\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\ScrabbleBot.pdb
C:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\ITU_mappe\4.th_semester\Functional Programming\Code\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\obj\Debug\net7.0\ScrabbleTemplate.fsproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\ITU_mappe\4.th_semester\Functional Programming\Code\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\obj\Debug\net7.0\ScrabbleTemplate.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\ITU_mappe\4.th_semester\Functional Programming\Code\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\obj\Debug\net7.0\ScrabbleTemplate.AssemblyInfo.fs
C:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\ITU_mappe\4.th_semester\Functional Programming\Code\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\obj\Debug\net7.0\ScrabbleTemplate.fsproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\ITU_mappe\4.th_semester\Functional Programming\Code\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\obj\Debug\net7.0\ScrabbleTemplate.fsproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\ITU_mappe\4.th_semester\Functional Programming\Code\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\obj\Debug\net7.0\ScrabbleTemplate.dll
C:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\ITU_mappe\4.th_semester\Functional Programming\Code\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\obj\Debug\net7.0\refint\ScrabbleTemplate.dll
C:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\ITU_mappe\4.th_semester\Functional Programming\Code\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\obj\Debug\net7.0\ScrabbleTemplate.pdb
C:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\ITU_mappe\4.th_semester\Functional Programming\Code\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\obj\Debug\net7.0\ScrabbleTemplate.genruntimeconfig.cache
C:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\ITU_mappe\4.th_semester\Functional Programming\Code\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\obj\Debug\net7.0\ref\ScrabbleTemplate.dll
c:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\ITU_mappe\4.th_semester\Functional Programming\Code\Scrabble\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\ScrabbleTemplate.exe
c:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\ITU_mappe\4.th_semester\Functional Programming\Code\Scrabble\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\ScrabbleTemplate.deps.json
c:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\ITU_mappe\4.th_semester\Functional Programming\Code\Scrabble\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\ScrabbleTemplate.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\ITU_mappe\4.th_semester\Functional Programming\Code\Scrabble\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\ScrabbleTemplate.dll
c:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\ITU_mappe\4.th_semester\Functional Programming\Code\Scrabble\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\ScrabbleTemplate.pdb
c:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\ITU_mappe\4.th_semester\Functional Programming\Code\Scrabble\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\FParsec.dll
c:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\ITU_mappe\4.th_semester\Functional Programming\Code\Scrabble\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\FParsecCS.dll
c:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\ITU_mappe\4.th_semester\Functional Programming\Code\Scrabble\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\FSharp.Core.dll
c:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\ITU_mappe\4.th_semester\Functional Programming\Code\Scrabble\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\FSharp.Quotations.Evaluator.dll
c:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\ITU_mappe\4.th_semester\Functional Programming\Code\Scrabble\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\FsPickler.dll
c:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\ITU_mappe\4.th_semester\Functional Programming\Code\Scrabble\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\cs\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\ITU_mappe\4.th_semester\Functional Programming\Code\Scrabble\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\de\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\ITU_mappe\4.th_semester\Functional Programming\Code\Scrabble\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\es\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\ITU_mappe\4.th_semester\Functional Programming\Code\Scrabble\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\fr\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\ITU_mappe\4.th_semester\Functional Programming\Code\Scrabble\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\it\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\ITU_mappe\4.th_semester\Functional Programming\Code\Scrabble\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\ja\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\ITU_mappe\4.th_semester\Functional Programming\Code\Scrabble\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\ko\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\ITU_mappe\4.th_semester\Functional Programming\Code\Scrabble\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\pl\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\ITU_mappe\4.th_semester\Functional Programming\Code\Scrabble\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\pt-BR\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\ITU_mappe\4.th_semester\Functional Programming\Code\Scrabble\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\ru\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\ITU_mappe\4.th_semester\Functional Programming\Code\Scrabble\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\tr\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\ITU_mappe\4.th_semester\Functional Programming\Code\Scrabble\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\zh-Hans\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\ITU_mappe\4.th_semester\Functional Programming\Code\Scrabble\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\zh-Hant\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\ITU_mappe\4.th_semester\Functional Programming\Code\Scrabble\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\Oxyphenbutazone.dll
c:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\ITU_mappe\4.th_semester\Functional Programming\Code\Scrabble\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\ScrabbleBot.dll
c:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\ITU_mappe\4.th_semester\Functional Programming\Code\Scrabble\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\ScrabbleLib.dll
c:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\ITU_mappe\4.th_semester\Functional Programming\Code\Scrabble\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\ScrabbleServer.dll
c:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\ITU_mappe\4.th_semester\Functional Programming\Code\Scrabble\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\ScrabbleUtil.dll
c:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\ITU_mappe\4.th_semester\Functional Programming\Code\Scrabble\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\ScrabbleBot.pdb
c:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\ITU_mappe\4.th_semester\Functional Programming\Code\Scrabble\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\obj\Debug\net7.0\ScrabbleTemplate.fsproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\ITU_mappe\4.th_semester\Functional Programming\Code\Scrabble\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\obj\Debug\net7.0\ScrabbleTemplate.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\ITU_mappe\4.th_semester\Functional Programming\Code\Scrabble\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\obj\Debug\net7.0\ScrabbleTemplate.AssemblyInfo.fs
c:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\ITU_mappe\4.th_semester\Functional Programming\Code\Scrabble\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\obj\Debug\net7.0\ScrabbleTemplate.fsproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\ITU_mappe\4.th_semester\Functional Programming\Code\Scrabble\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\obj\Debug\net7.0\ScrabbleTemplate.fsproj.CopyComplete
c:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\ITU_mappe\4.th_semester\Functional Programming\Code\Scrabble\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\obj\Debug\net7.0\ScrabbleTemplate.dll
c:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\ITU_mappe\4.th_semester\Functional Programming\Code\Scrabble\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\obj\Debug\net7.0\refint\ScrabbleTemplate.dll
c:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\ITU_mappe\4.th_semester\Functional Programming\Code\Scrabble\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\obj\Debug\net7.0\ScrabbleTemplate.pdb
c:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\ITU_mappe\4.th_semester\Functional Programming\Code\Scrabble\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\obj\Debug\net7.0\ScrabbleTemplate.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\ITU_mappe\4.th_semester\Functional Programming\Code\Scrabble\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\obj\Debug\net7.0\ref\ScrabbleTemplate.dll
C:\Users\madsg\Uni\Functional_Programming\Project\Scrabble\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\ScrabbleTemplate.exe
C:\Users\madsg\Uni\Functional_Programming\Project\Scrabble\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\ScrabbleTemplate.deps.json
C:\Users\madsg\Uni\Functional_Programming\Project\Scrabble\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\ScrabbleTemplate.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\madsg\Uni\Functional_Programming\Project\Scrabble\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\ScrabbleTemplate.dll
C:\Users\madsg\Uni\Functional_Programming\Project\Scrabble\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\ScrabbleTemplate.pdb
C:\Users\madsg\Uni\Functional_Programming\Project\Scrabble\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\FParsec.dll
C:\Users\madsg\Uni\Functional_Programming\Project\Scrabble\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\FParsecCS.dll
C:\Users\madsg\Uni\Functional_Programming\Project\Scrabble\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\FSharp.Core.dll
C:\Users\madsg\Uni\Functional_Programming\Project\Scrabble\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\FSharp.Quotations.Evaluator.dll
C:\Users\madsg\Uni\Functional_Programming\Project\Scrabble\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\FsPickler.dll
C:\Users\madsg\Uni\Functional_Programming\Project\Scrabble\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\cs\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\madsg\Uni\Functional_Programming\Project\Scrabble\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\de\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\madsg\Uni\Functional_Programming\Project\Scrabble\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\es\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\madsg\Uni\Functional_Programming\Project\Scrabble\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\fr\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\madsg\Uni\Functional_Programming\Project\Scrabble\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\it\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\madsg\Uni\Functional_Programming\Project\Scrabble\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\ja\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\madsg\Uni\Functional_Programming\Project\Scrabble\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\ko\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\madsg\Uni\Functional_Programming\Project\Scrabble\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\pl\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\madsg\Uni\Functional_Programming\Project\Scrabble\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\pt-BR\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\madsg\Uni\Functional_Programming\Project\Scrabble\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\ru\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\madsg\Uni\Functional_Programming\Project\Scrabble\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\tr\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\madsg\Uni\Functional_Programming\Project\Scrabble\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\zh-Hans\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\madsg\Uni\Functional_Programming\Project\Scrabble\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\zh-Hant\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\madsg\Uni\Functional_Programming\Project\Scrabble\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\Oxyphenbutazone.dll
C:\Users\madsg\Uni\Functional_Programming\Project\Scrabble\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\ScrabbleBot.dll
C:\Users\madsg\Uni\Functional_Programming\Project\Scrabble\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\ScrabbleLib.dll
C:\Users\madsg\Uni\Functional_Programming\Project\Scrabble\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\ScrabbleServer.dll
C:\Users\madsg\Uni\Functional_Programming\Project\Scrabble\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\ScrabbleUtil.dll
C:\Users\madsg\Uni\Functional_Programming\Project\Scrabble\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\bin\Debug\net7.0\ScrabbleBot.pdb
C:\Users\madsg\Uni\Functional_Programming\Project\Scrabble\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\obj\Debug\net7.0\ScrabbleTemplate.fsproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\madsg\Uni\Functional_Programming\Project\Scrabble\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\obj\Debug\net7.0\ScrabbleTemplate.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\madsg\Uni\Functional_Programming\Project\Scrabble\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\obj\Debug\net7.0\ScrabbleTemplate.AssemblyInfo.fs
C:\Users\madsg\Uni\Functional_Programming\Project\Scrabble\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\obj\Debug\net7.0\ScrabbleTemplate.fsproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\madsg\Uni\Functional_Programming\Project\Scrabble\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\obj\Debug\net7.0\ScrabbleTemplate.fsproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\madsg\Uni\Functional_Programming\Project\Scrabble\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\obj\Debug\net7.0\ScrabbleTemplate.dll
C:\Users\madsg\Uni\Functional_Programming\Project\Scrabble\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\obj\Debug\net7.0\refint\ScrabbleTemplate.dll
C:\Users\madsg\Uni\Functional_Programming\Project\Scrabble\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\obj\Debug\net7.0\ScrabbleTemplate.pdb
C:\Users\madsg\Uni\Functional_Programming\Project\Scrabble\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\obj\Debug\net7.0\ScrabbleTemplate.genruntimeconfig.cache
C:\Users\madsg\Uni\Functional_Programming\Project\Scrabble\ScrabbleTemplate\ScrabbleTemplate\obj\Debug\net7.0\ref\ScrabbleTemplate.dll
